---
title: Lake Powell 2012
author: Devin Reams
layout: post
permalink: /2012/lake-powell-2012/
categories:
  - Photos
  - Travel
format: gallery
---
Lake Powell is a place unlike any you&#8217;ve probably visited. By definition it&#8217;s [Glen Canyon][1], originally formed by the Colorado River. The reservior is created by a large dam only second in size to the Hoover Dam just downstream at Lake Mead (between the two dams is the Grand Canyon). While there&#8217;s plenty of controversy around the lake, I can say it&#8217;s a water playground unlike many others.

In short, you can take boats up and down a canyon nearly 150 miles long, with hundreds of gorges along the way. Some are long and wide, some are tall and narrow, and some end gradually up a slope where you can still find the trees submerged from decades ago.

It&#8217;s not a busy place, you see maybe a half-dozen other boats each day (away from the marinas) and can easily keep to yourself, explore, and have a good time. When you park a houseboat there&#8217;s plenty of room for swimming, hiking, even a campfire on the beaches.

One of the highlights is the [Rainbow Bridge National Monument][2], one of the largest bridges in the world. It has a huge significance to the native Americans in the area and, respectfully, you keep your distance and do not walk up to (especially under) the bridge.

The Lake is a great place to sightsee, fish, swim, but even better for relaxing, sunbathing and catching up on reading. I caught up on 4 books and all my unread Instapaper articles while on vacation and had a great time eating, drinking, and enjoying family time.

I don&#8217;t know if the photos do any justice, but it&#8217;s an an amazing place to visit.

 [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glen_Canyon
 [2]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Bridge_National_Monument